Add instructions to securely manage token (#2322)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/serverless-port-code.mdx

try:
    # Get backend

>     # Follow instructions at https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/functions to authenticate with your API token.

Author: ```suggestion
    # Follow instructions at https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/setup-channel#iqp to authenticate with your API token.
```

## Upload to Qiskit Serverless

Follow the instructions on the [Introduction to Qiskit Functions](/guides/functions) page to authenticate with your API token.

```python
from qiskit_ibm_catalog import QiskitServerless, QiskitFunction

# Authenticate to the remote cluster and submit the pattern for remote execution.

> # Follow instructions at https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/functions to authenticate with your API token.

Author: ```suggestion
```
